C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.exe
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.deps.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.runtimeconfig.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.pdb
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.build.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.development.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.AttractionApplication.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.AttractionApplication.props
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.AttractionApplication.props
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.AttractionApplication.props
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/scopedcss/bundle/AttractionApplication.styles.css
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/Attracti.568BA1C3.Up2Date
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/AttractionApplication.dll
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.pdb
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/AttractionApplication.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Configuration.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Models.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Services.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Models.pdb
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Services.pdb
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Configuration.pdb
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Azure.Core.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Azure.Identity.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/EFCore.CheckConstraints.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/MySqlConnector.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Npgsql.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Memory.Data.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Security.Permissions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/browser-wasm/nativeassets/net8.0/e_sqlite3.a
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-armel/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-mips64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-ppc64le/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-s390x/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x86/native/libe_sqlite3.so
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/e_sqlite3.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/net6.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Runtime.Caching.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Windows.Extensions.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbContext.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbModels.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbRepos.dll
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbContext.pdb
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbModels.pdb
c:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbRepos.pdb
C:/Users/henri/Documents/Programmering/Studier/8. Dataåtkomster i .NET/myRepos/Assignment/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.sourcelink.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/appsettings.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.deps.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.runtimeconfig.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Azure.Core.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Azure.Identity.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/EFCore.CheckConstraints.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.JsonPatch.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.Mvc.NewtonsoftJson.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.AspNetCore.OpenApi.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.SqlServer.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.Binder.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.FileExtensions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Identity.Client.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Identity.Client.Extensions.Msal.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Abstractions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.SqlServer.Server.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/MySqlConnector.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Newtonsoft.Json.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Npgsql.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Npgsql.EntityFrameworkCore.PostgreSQL.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Pomelo.EntityFrameworkCore.MySql.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/SQLitePCLRaw.provider.e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Configuration.ConfigurationManager.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Memory.Data.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Runtime.Caching.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Security.Permissions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Text.Json.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/System.Windows.Extensions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/Microsoft.Data.SqlClient.SNI.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/Microsoft.Win32.SystemEvents.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/browser-wasm/nativeassets/net8.0/e_sqlite3.a
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-armel/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-mips64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-musl-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-ppc64le/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-s390x/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/linux-x86/native/libe_sqlite3.so
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/maccatalyst-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx-arm64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/osx-x64/native/libe_sqlite3.dylib
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-arm64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x64/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win-x86/native/e_sqlite3.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/unix/lib/net6.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Drawing.Common.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Runtime.Caching.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Security.Cryptography.ProtectedData.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/runtimes/win/lib/net6.0/System.Windows.Extensions.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Configuration.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbContext.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbModels.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbRepos.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Models.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Services.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Models.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Services.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/Configuration.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbContext.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbModels.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/bin/Debug/net8.0/DbRepos.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.AssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.build.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.development.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.AttractionApplication.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.build.AttractionApplication.props
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.AttractionApplication.props
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets/msbuild.buildTransitive.AttractionApplication.props
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/staticwebassets.pack.json
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/scopedcss/bundle/AttractionApplication.styles.css
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.csproj.CopyComplete
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/refint/AttractionApplication.dll
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.pdb
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/AttractionApplication.genruntimeconfig.cache
/Users/aramaisyeghoyan/Developments/DataAccess/AttractionApplication/AttractionApplication/obj/Debug/net8.0/ref/AttractionApplication.dll
